docs: add note to custom BackTop demo (#35625)
ant-design/ant-design: components/back-top/demo/custom.md

可以自定义回到顶部按钮的样式，限制宽高：`40px * 40px`。

> > 注意：`BackTop` 需要一个容器作为子容器。 如果您直接将文本作为子项放置，则该组件将无法正常运行。

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 注意：`BackTop` 需要一个可接受 `onClick` 事件的元素作为 `children`。 如果您直接将文本作为子项放置，则该组件将无法正常运行。
```

## en-US

You can customize the style of the button, just note the size limit: no more than `40px * 40px`.

> > Note: `BackTop` expects a container as children. If you put a text directly as children the component will not function properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: `BackTop` expects a element could accept `onClick` propety as children. If you put a text directly as children the component will not function properly.
```
